Good morning, Omega.
Come along.
There is much to do today.
Something's different.
Why are there so many troopers around?
I'm not certain.
You don't know?
The doctor will inform me
if it's necessary.
Emerie, a word?
An unexpected guest is arriving shortly.
Nala Se and I will be indisposed
until he departs.
Oversee the lab in her absence.
As you wish, Doctor.
I will begin testing the latest samples.
That is unnecessary.
I will see to them when I return.
Dr. Karr's quite capable
of handling such matters.
- See it done.
- Sir.
- Is everything in order?
- Affirmative.
The shuttle has left the orbital station
and the coordinates were transmitted.
Have additional V-wings standing
by to escort his vessel to the base.
Yes, sir.
- Omega...
- All patrols are posted
- and standing by for additional orders.
- ...listen carefully.
If Emerie tests your sample,
you will be in danger.
You must flee this facility
before it is too late.
- Wait.
- See to it...
Is that why you've been
destroying my samples?
- Yes.
- Yes, sir.
- Project--
- Nala Se, come along.
Our guest is arriving.
Go to the lab,
retrieve my datapad and use it to escape.
Sneak aboard a shuttle and flee.
Nala Se.
You must go.
Did you need something, Omega?
I...
Hemlock said there's a guest arriving.
Who is it?
It's best not to ask questions.
See to your tasks for the day.
Are you feeling well?
Forget your assignments and get some rest.
Okay.
Omega, I can handle things here.
Go. I'll check on you later.
Emperor, your presence is an honor.
I have been most eager to see
the progress you have made, Doctor.
We have quadrupled our objectives
in record time.
The exotic matter facilities
have expanded,
providing alteration and testing
of much larger assets.
I have need of such grand designs.
However, that is not the reason
why I am here today.
Of course.
Project Necromancer.
Crosshair.
What are you doing here?
Escaping.
And you're coming with me.
You found a weak point?
Not exactly.
I'm kinda improvising.
Is that some kind of joke?
I'll explain later.
Just get the guards' attention.
That's not a plan.
Just distract them.
Guards!
Unlock this cell.
What did you say?
I was giving you an order.
This clone thinks he outranks us.
I do.
And I'll take your blaster too.
Oh, yeah?
How are you gonna do that?
You'll see.
- Nice work.
- Didn't have much choice.
You're out of the cell, aren't you?
Well? Start talking.
I told you. We're escaping.
Why now?
What's changed?
Nala Se said I had to.
And I wasn't gonna leave without you.
She told me to use her datapad
to access the base and find a shuttle.
We just need to get to a hangar.
We're not supposed
to be on patrol until midwatch.
Commander's orders.
All hands on deck
until the Emperor departs.
The Emperor's here?
What? I didn't know.
Another reason why this
was not the day to wing an escape.
Thanks for the reminder,
but I think we're past that point.
Your hand's getting worse, isn't it?
I-It's fine.
Uh-oh.
What?
All shuttles have been grounded,
except the Emperor's.
We'll have to steal it.
Impossible.
It will be too well-guarded, even for me.
Wait.
I know a shuttle we can use.
It crash-landed outside the perimeter
back when I first came here.
How does a crashed shuttle help us?
If the comms are still functioning,
we can contact Hunter and Wrecker.
And how do we get outside?
Follow me.
As you can see,
the specimens are well-guarded
to ensure they remain viable for testing.
However, with more time,
and additional resources,
I am confident that we will have
a successful M-count replication.
There is nothing of greater importance
to secure the future of this Empire.
Whatever is needed to accomplish
this goal, you will have it.
Now what?
We'll use the kennel chute.
It leads outside,
but it's protected by a timed ray shield.
We'll have to move fast
or we'll be trapped.
Oh, I can hardly wait.
We can use Batcher's empty kennel.
Be ready.
Omega.
Don't!
You should go back to your room.
You mean her cell.
You're not thinking clearly.
Neither of you.
But it's not too late.
Come with me
and no one needs to know about this.
I can't do that.
Omega.
I spent most of my life
confined on Kamino.
I won't be trapped here too.
You're a clone like us, Emerie.
Help us.
Escape is not possible, Omega.
This is for your own good.
We have to go.
It is imperative that this facility
remain hidden and secure.
There are many, even within our own ranks,
who would consider much of your work
an abomination.
But they lack the vision that we possess.
Your brilliance is a great asset
to this Empire.
If I am appointed the scientific minister,
I would strive to bring unleashed glory
to all divisions
of the Imperial science corps.
All in due time.
Yes, Emperor.
- Sir.
- What is it?
Omega and prisoner CT-9904 are missing.
Missing?
An alarm was just triggered
in the lurca kennels.
Seal it off.
Activate the ray shields.
The shield's not supposed to activate yet.
They know we're in here.
Move faster!
- What direction is the crashed shuttle?
- Not sure.
Oh, great.
We'll follow the flight path.
What happened?
Omega had one of our datapads.
They used it to access the chute.
They made it past the ray shields.
Dispatch patrols and release the lurcas.
Doctor,
the lurcas will not bring them back alive.
They are prisoners who have escaped.
The time for half measures is over.
- Perhaps I could--
- Return to the lab, Dr. Karr.
I'm curious how your assistant
managed to escape this facility.
One must assume she had help.
I have been right by your side.
Secure her in a cell.
Scramble the recovery team.
Yes, sir.
I'm picking up something.
I think it could be the ship.
That way.
Oh, good.
The killer hounds.
It should be up ahead.
Thanks.
Crosshair.
Go!
Anything?
It's not working!
Comms are completely dead.
They're coming.
We're getting an odd energy surge
in sector 4.
It has to be them.
I'm sorry.
I thought this would work.
You got us this far.
And we're not done yet.
Did they teach you plan 72?
Mm-hmm.
Tech had me memorize all the plans.
Of course he did.
Hook in and stay alert.
We need those prisoners found.
We've engaged the prisoners.
Stand down.
Hello.
I said, "Stand down."
Batcher?
Stay close.
Take cover! Look out!
The prisoners hijacked our shuttle!
Batcher, come!
They're locking onto us! I--
I can't shake them!
Systems are failing!
I want that ship neutralized.
Stop!
- Don't shoot them down.
- What?
The clone's sample supported
a positive M-count transfer
with no degradation from the specimen.
CT-9904 was ruled out long ago.
Not him. It's Omega.
Call them off!
But, sir, they're escaping.
Stand down!
We need her alive.
Now!
They've jumped.
A minor setback.
I have the full resources of the Empire
at my disposal.
We will find her.